Collateral Damage Is My Middle Name: Every attack made by the user either has a Splash rating equal to 20*Star Rating or is considered one size larger for purposes of damage modification, their choice. B-Rank
As I Live And Breathe, The Wolverine: The user recovers 1 Soak/Injury t per round. This recovery doubles for every tier above Middling(Severity) the damage is. They also gain +3 Levels in Health. B-Rank
Puppeteer: The user gains +3 Levels of Charisma, and may make a skill-less opposed Charisma check on a non-Mentalist immune target as an Action, being able to dictate their actions for [Star Rating] rounds. However, they cannot force a target to do anything directly suicidal. The user or an ally attacking the target removes the control, and one can only be successfully controlled once per Reset. B-Rank
Army of Me: The user is in command of an army of themselves equal to [Star rating x 10], and is considered a leader of the hoard. If they are Taken Out the army vanishes. B-Rank
Why Are You A Criminal?: The user has a potent and extremely profitable healing ability. They can heal themselves, or anyone they are within physical contact with for 2d[StarRating] Soak/Injury-t or target [Star Rating] people within 50 feet for half the healing dice. The second time this trait is taken allows it to affect Resolve/mental injury-t. B-Rank
Perfect Soul: +2 Levels of Willpower and Charisma, +1 Tier of Mental Durability, Strong Soul Toughness. The user’s soul has become a versatile and solid bulwark, granting them the Psyche typing and they’re considered holy/unholy when resisting metaphysical alterations. Finally, they may also perform the Counter stunt against all forms of mental influence or attack, dealing DV 2 Soul damage that scales with [Willpower/Charisma +1 Tier]. B-Rank
Perfect Body: +2 Levels to All Physical Stats. The user's body, and their control over it, has become almost peerless, allowing them the following (only in relation to physical stats); They gain the Aspect typing (pick two of their highest stats), consider all skills to have +1 Level added to their stat caps, can Batman any stat, and can gain Advantage on any check once per round. B-Rank
Perfect Mind: +1 Tier of Intellect, Paragon Typing. The user’s mind has expanded and achieved supernatural efficiency, always rolling at least d13s. Their Int PA flare can function for the duration of a Daily Action at -1 Skill Tier and any flared skill that the user already has at least Novice & uses Intellect gains the benefits of being Legacy as well. B-Rank
